docs: clarify proxy runtime history (#93467)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/03-file-conventions/proxy.mdx

### Why "Proxy"

> The name Proxy clarifies what Middleware is capable of. The term "proxy" implies that it has a network boundary in front of the app, which is the behavior of Middleware. Historically, Middleware commonly ran at the [Edge Runtime](/docs/app/api-reference/edge), closer to the client and separated from the app's region. These network-boundary semantics align better with the term "proxy" and provide a clearer purpose of the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name Proxy clarifies what Middleware is capable of. The term "proxy" implies a network boundary in front of the app, which is how this feature behaves. It can run outside of your application’s main runtime and handle requests before they reach your app. These characteristics align better with the term "proxy" and provide a clearer purpose for the feature.
```
